Brother, you are amazing
Mom will be out of bed this morning
Let's see if mom has recovered.
You silly girl
Sickness comes like a mountain
Sick as ever
Mom, this body?
It will take a while to adjust
Mainly still owe the hospital 2 million medical expenses
I don't have any spare money to buy stocks for my mother
Oh, you don't have to worry about medical bills.
I solved it all
It's solved, how did you solve it?
Well, you're not going to do anything illegal, are you?
What are you thinking about?
Your brother, when have I ever done anything illegal?
I just sold the sewing box.
Just that sewing box
Value 2 million
You'd better see for yourself
Eight eight eight 0
Just those boxes, you sold 50 million
Brother, you won't deceive others, will you?
I cheated
Well, they actually bought a sewing box.
No loss at all
If I wasn't in a hurry to use the money
This sewing box can sell for 60 to 70 million
Really? That's great.
Then mom can buy a lot of supplements
Hey, by the way, let's go to the Chinese medicine store later.
Give mom two more packs of medicine
If two pairs of medicine come down
Mom will almost be fine
I believe you.
Let's go, now.